                                                GRAPH
                                                
 Definition:
       *) Graph is an ordered set G(V,E).  [G -> Graph , V -> Vertices , E -> Edges
       *) Graph consists of a finite set of vertices(or nodes) and set of Edges which connect a pair of nodes.
       *) Graphs are used to solve real-life problems that involve representation of the problem space as a network. 
            Examples of networks include telephone networks, circuit networks, social networks (like LinkedIn, Facebook etc.).
    For example:::
    A single user in Facebook can be represented as a node (vertex) while their connection with others can be represented as an edge between nodes.
          Each node can be a structure that contains information like user’s id, name, gender, etc.
          
          
 Vertex(Nodes):
        i)  These are the most important components in any graph. 
        ii) Nodes are entities whose relationships are expressed using edges
        iii) Each node is a structure and contains information like person id, name, gender, locale etc.
        
Types of Nodes :
        1.Root node:
                The root node is the ancestor of all other nodes in a graph. 
                It does not have any ancestor. 
                Each graph consists of exactly one root node. 
                Generally, you must start traversing a graph from the root node.

        2.Leaf nodes: 
              In a graph, leaf nodes represent the nodes that do not have any successors. 
              These nodes only have ancestor nodes.
              They can have any number of incoming edges but they will not have any outgoing edges.
    
Edges :
        i) Edges are the components that are used to represent the relationships between various nodes in a graph. 
        ii) An edge between two nodes expresses a one-way or two-way relationship between the nodes.
        iii) Edge represents a path between two vertices or a line between two vertices. 
        

								TYPES OF GRAPH


Undirected Graph:
		An undirected graph is a graph in which all the edges are bi-directional 
		i.e. the edges do not point in any specific direction.
	For example::
		if an edge connects node A and B, we can traverse from node A to node B, and from node B to A.

Directed Graph:
		A directed graph is a graph in which all the edges are uni-directional
		i.e. the edges point in a single direction.
	For example::
		if an edge connects node A and B, but the arrow head points towards B,we can only traverse from node A to node B not in the opposite direction.
    
Weighted Graph:
     Each edge is assigned with a weight or cost.  
     The total cost of each path will be as the weight of all the edges through the path.
 
Cyclic Graph:
    Graph that comprises a path that starts from a vertex and ends at the same vertex. 
    That path is called a cycle. 
     
Acyclic graph  --->  is a graph that has no cycle.
        
